docs(models): clarify byok and subscriptions (#638)
tembo/docs: features/models.mdx

description: "Supported models, providers, and BYOK options."
---

> Tembo supports multiple model providers across coding agents. You can use Tembo-hosted models with [Max](/features/max), connect your own keys with BYOK (Bring Your Own Key), or connect supported agent subscriptions on paid Tembo plans.

Author: ```suggestion
Tembo supports multiple model providers across coding agents. You can use Tembo-hosted models with [Max](/features/max), connect your own keys with BYOK (Bring Your Own Key), or connect supported agent subscriptions (namely, Codex).
```

## BYOK (Bring Your Own Key)

BYOK lets your workspace call models with your own provider credentials instead of Tembo-managed credentials.

- BYOK is available on all plans, including Free.
- Add keys in **Settings -> Models -> API Keys**.
- You can connect OpenAI, Anthropic, Cursor, Amp, and AWS Bedrock credentials.
- Tembo still handles orchestration, session context, sandbox execution, and PR automation.

## Agent subscriptions

> Paid Tembo plans can connect supported agent subscriptions, including Codex, from **Settings -> Connected accounts -> LLM subscriptions**. This is separate from BYOK: BYOK uses provider API keys, while an agent subscription uses the user's subscription account for that agent.

Author: ```suggestion
Users can connect supported agent subscriptions, including Codex, from **Settings -> Connected accounts -> LLM subscriptions**. 
```
